Some Example Experiments:


As a preliminary bit of work for a pilot study we would like to investigate the following areas.
* Lifelong learning
* Hierarchical Inverse Reinforcement Learning
* Multiagent Inverse Reinforcement Learning
* Language Grounding
* Planning (Grounded or otherwise)
* Multiagent Collaboration and Communication
* Hierarchical Behavioral Cloning
* Actionless Imitation Learning
* Unsupervised Option Extraciton



Pilot Experiments:
	*  (Not guarenteed to be included in the final server )
	** We mark the experiments that will not actually be behaviroally cloned, but just shown in the demo video with a [D]

1. Single Player Tree Chopping (Warm Up) [R, we will actually try and clone this data]
	Dom: Imitation Learning
	Desc: Players engage in chopping down a fixed number of trees to complete the challenge. 
		Each time a player spawns in a random survival world, and recording is finished upon completion of the goal.
	Technical Notes: It would be nice if we could mark when a player chops a tree down, and when they compelte the task.
		If this is too much work with the demo video deadline approaching, that's fine, we don't need to actually 
		show graphs in the demo.

2. Multiplayer Tree Chopping A (Cayden's) [D]
	Dom: Multiagent Collaboration and Communication, Behavioral Cloning(potentially planning)
	Desc: 
		One player starts with bonemeal, and the other with a fixed number of saplings. Both players have axes.
		The player with saplings must plant the trees, and the player with the bonemeal must grow the trees.
		Task is completed once a fixed number of trees are planted and chopped.
		Players spawn on a flat world.

3. Multiplayer Tree Chopping B [D]
	Dom: Multiagent Collaboration and Communication, Planning, Hierachical Behavioral Cloning
	Desc: The exact same as Multiplayer Tree Chopping A, except:
		The players spawn in a small radius on a survival map and must find eachother without using the chat.
		(The only sensible strategy here is go to a high place and look for eachother).
	Technical Notes: We need to make sure the map has no trees already. WE also want to idealy disable the chat.


4. Building Small Hut Experiment [R, we will actually try and clone this data]
	Dom: Planning, Hiearchical Behavioral Cloning.
	Desc: Player spawns on a flat world with a select set of available blocks (let's say 4). 
		They build a house an the experiment is completed.
	Technical Notes: We need to ensure that we can run the agent in inference on this map for the video demo using Malmo.


5. Extended Planning Experiment [D, just a recording, not an AI solving the task.]
	Dom: Planning language grounding.
	Desc: Record player with chat specifying their plan to build a house. Should be a dialogue like this:
		"I'm going to chop down the birch tree, build a crafting table, build the frame of the birch house, craft a door, ..."

		Player should spawn in a random survival world.

5. Raw Survival Behavioral Cloning. [R]
	Dom: Everything.
	Desc: We record players playing survival in the raw. 
	Technical Note:
		We need to restrict the action space for the demo or figure out how to record inventory interactiosn for an agent.
		This pilot data will work well for our demo and for bootstraping agents to play survival on the server.
		
6. Two Player Combat [D]
	Dom: Multiagent Collaboration, Multiagent IRL
	Desc: Two teams spawn with diamond swards on a map and try and kill eachother.





Random Research Thoughts:
	* How can one integrate reward into expert level imitation learning; that is, can we use imitation to traing 
	  different reinforcement learning algorithms without jsut pretraining thea ctions of an actor, eg. seeding Q-values.
	  How is the foregoing thought different than the GAIL or valuie based imitation learning models.

	*  We want an agent to build a house from a picture. Investigate using HER.

	* Potential game mechanic on the server is that humans get to compete with AI on the same task in each minigame (like a house building minigame etc.) 